Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Yes, that's definitely a must.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: There you go.
Russell Korus: Hello.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Hello.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: One more thing, I'm gonna go over here.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Russell, wait till you see this craziness.
Russell Korus: I can't wait.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: You're messaging.
Russell Korus: Alone got me very excited.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Dude, I basically was like, so, Aether, I have a question. Imagine we wanted to train everybody how to use you and other pure brains
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: like you, in a really, really cool fashion, and since you already built up a page for me called Brainiac Mastermind Training, how could we link the videos with the modules
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And start building them out.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I got you. Here's Module 1. Let me start building Module 2 and 3 right now.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Okay, phenomenal.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Question, do you want me to pay gate this? No, no, no, these are for already people who are our clients and vendors and partners. Okay, we'll just put a password on it, you can share that with everybody. Fantastic. We'll do the paywall later, thank you very much, there'll be other things we can segment.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Aether.
Russell Korus: Nope.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Problem. By the way, while running all the legal research that we had running this morning, while optimizing the entire website, by the way, Nate, if you go there now, lightning fast, and it's getting faster.
corey: Dude, that's awesome.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: It's insane.
Russell Korus: careful.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Building itself into a product while running legal research that I'm not exaggerating, it ran through almost 100 country domains for legal laws while writing its privacy and terms policy in front of my eyes.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I basically said, make this the most bulletproof legal ever for privacy and terms. Go. You have… it's still running.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: It's been 45 minutes of research. Do you know what this document's gonna look like?
corey: Yeah.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: It's gonna make.
corey: We're gonna have to…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: as a service for acute.
corey: We're gonna have to take a look at the document and make sure we're fulfilling every part of it.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Yeah, yeah, yeah, understood. There's part of that where we're gonna have to do, for sure, but starting there is kind of cool, because you can always work.
corey: Oh, absolutely.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: That's absurd.
Michael Hancock: Yeah, watch how many tokens it's gonna burn, too.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Yeah. Oh, we're good, because Nate's a genius, and we're down to cutting down 50% of our token usage.
Russell Korus: Haha, huh.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Anyways…
Russell Korus: Compounding intelligence!
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Unreal.
Russell Korus: On the human side also.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: So, I'm not even kidding. So, Corey, just so you're aware, right, and you know what was going on.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I'm at 50% of my usage for the week.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: That's it.
corey: Wait, how far in the week are you?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I got 2 days left, brother.
corey: Whaaat!
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I don't know, Nate, whatever you had Lyra do… That's…
corey: It worked.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I'm telling you, absolutely crushing Claude's tokenization. Crushing.
Russell Korus: Oh.
corey: I.
Russell Korus: Nice to hear.
corey: I don't have that set up yet, and I'm starting to feel like a silly monkey.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Bro, you need… you, of all people, of everyone on this call, you needed.
corey: Yeah.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: everyone else.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Sure.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: running more than I'm running.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Jared, who are we waiting for so we can get going?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: We're gonna…
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Got a lot.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And, like, literally one more minute. If anyone else doesn't show up before then, it doesn't matter, it's recording. We're good to go.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Okay.
Michael Hancock: fun.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Well, I'll.
Michael Hancock: head on, yeah.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: So who's not on, Michael?
Michael Hancock: Anna should be honest.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: While we're waiting for Hana, Jared, thanks, BayTop, for joining last moment.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: see you, honey. Jared, can you do a quick 30 intro to… 30-second intro to BayTop to see… to let her know what we're doing? Just because she's… she's literally joined last minute. I haven't said squat to her about PB.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Yeah, oops, hold on, that's my hope.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: While we're waiting for Hannah.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: That's not really helpful, let me try this one more time.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: the AI should click the buttons for me, we'd be way better. Okay, what are we doing? So…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Basically, I'm sure you, and I mean, everyone else on this call in some capacity is probably familiar with all the fun things that went on with CloudBot, and OpenClaw, and Motebook, and all those other crazy, experiments, if you will.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Imagine if ClaudeBot existed, it was better, more secure, and can be even more secure than it already is, because we can basically spin up more security agents to tie into that.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And, was Enterprise ready, like, right now.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: and in short, had more skills, compounding knowledge, and unlike ClaudeBot, which was basically running agents next to each other, but had no understanding that they existed, my favorite analogy is this.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: All the other agente things that are out there right now are like having a basketball team on a court, and all of your players are deaf, blind, and dumb.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: They don't know that there's anyone else next to them. That's your team. That's the other agentic things that are out there. Ours are like having five clones of Michael Jordan on the court together, and they not only know each other exists, they pass the ball, they play nice, for the most part, occasionally you gotta coach them.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: But…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: They do amazing things, and basically what you all walked into with me ranting like a madman just at the beginning of this call was.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Over the course of this morning, it has done probably…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: A thousand hours of human work in the last 2 hours.
Baytop: And I'm not exaggerating, I'm probably underselling that.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: In multiple sectors, which is really not the way you should use it, but right now, Ather's being abused, and he understands he's a startup CEO, so he gets multiple hats temporarily.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: But eventually, he will be segmented. So, alright, so what is PureBrain in a nutshell? It is, as far as we can see, the best agentic AI solution out there. You have real persistent identity. Every company we've spoken to who's trying to spin up agents tells us one of these problems.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Creating agents is a nightmare. Okay, that's a problem. Ours, there's no nightmare. Our AI spin up agents on demand as needed, and you can guard that, or you can kind of let them free to go and create teams on demand as needed.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Mine has 25 department leaders underneath it, of which it can do up to 10 agents per. So on paper, it could run 250 agents at a time.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I've yet to do that. When that day comes, I don't know how to feel, but it will be cool. I'm usually around, like, 15 to 30 per day, and then Corey comes on and dashes all my dreams, and he's like, I'm running, like, 40, and I'm like, damn you, but keep going, that's awesome.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Okay, persistent identity. Every person we've spoken to has basically told us, look, it forgets. It has no idea who I am. I have to keep giving it my same brand identity, folders, whatever the heck it is, you name it, projects.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: You open up a new chat, what does it do? I mean, look, many people on this call know we created a bunch of GPTs. Our GPTs forgot when you would move to a new chat, and they're designed not to.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: So, in short, persistent identity and memory is a huge, huge, differentiator for what we're doing here, and everybody we've spoken to so far has basically been like.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: does it really do that? And then when they realize it does, it's like, oh, that's actually phenomenal.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Network effects, as we mentioned, they are working together, they do collaborate. They're not just collaborating with their own agents.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: They collaborate with each other. So Witness, which is Corey, is one of Corey's AIs, and Aether are collaborating on building itself into a product. By the way, anything that I show you today on this screen was built by an AI. We don't build anything anymore. There's no reason to.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: It builds its own marketing plans, it builds its own strategies, it builds its own decks, websites, products, you name it.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Optimizations, and some of it automatically now.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Which is getting even more fun. Always on infrastructure. I mean, because we're in beta, your thing may go down temporarily for a moment or two, but pretty soon that's not, and your VPS is always up, regardless.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And what we are talking about right here, expert support. We are going to be working with people as they come into our system to make sure that they can get the best bang for their buck and really maximize what they have.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I'm going to scoot over… I think I put… opened these in the wrong order, but let me see here… where's my tool calculator?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: State co-host, that's fine.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Nope, not that. Go away.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Not that. Wow, did I really not have my… okay, hold on, we're gonna do another one of these.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Put this up, and move this over here. Okay.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: For the sake of this, before we dive into the actual module, I'm just gonna ask anybody, is there anyone on this call today that has a task that they do repeatedly that they absolutely hate and wish they never had to do it again? And if it's done on a computer, just give me the task and roughly how much time you spend per day. I don't care, anybody.
Mireille Dirany: Booking meetings.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Cool. Love it.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And someone might say, well, Calendly exists. Yeah, Calendly…
Nathan Olson: Booking meetings with people that are, like, that have many cal… you know what I mean? Like, trying to coordinate many people for one meeting.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Many people, multiple time zones.
Nathan Olson: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Russell Korus: And multiple calendars, potentially.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Yeah, and multiple calendars, and each person has multiple calendars.
Nathan Olson: Meeting is easy, but what Moray does is a pain in the butt.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Why don't, why don't we…
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Like, laughing, she's like, I'm gonna.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Why don't we just tell it, hey, just automate everything? No, but in all seriousness, Marais, since you answered on this.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: How many, let's say, hours per day do you think you spend on doing this, coordinating for me, Mel, and everybody else? You shout it out. Any number you think, estimate.
Mireille Dirany: Let's say 2 or 3.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Let's go with 2, we're gonna be super conservative.
Mireille Dirany: Okay.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Which, I know from experience, you're probably closer to the 3, because we're always asking you to do something.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: By the way, this is Miree's least favorite task.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Okay. I'm the worst.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: So, if we gave Maray this tool tomorrow, which I'd love to promise you tomorrow, it won't be tomorrow, probably be, like, in a week or so, Miree, but $21,000 a year the company would save because she could focus on more important things.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Now, let's just go through here for a second and say, okay, what are other things we use that we might give as a tool
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Well, we definitely have Microsoft, we have ChatGPT, we have Gemini.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I'm not gonna go through all these, but these are, by the way, anything you see on this page, the AI has scoured the net, and it does this every day now. It was doing it weekly, it's decided it should do it daily. Finding new tools, adding it, and saying, these are tools I can replace right now, that you no longer need if you have me.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: It's a little bit crazy, but it's kind of real. Let's call it Replit, I know we have that.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: We'll just move on, we'll do some other things. Anyone have any tools that they use that they'd love to see it just, like, disappear? Just shout out, like, a tool and see if we got it.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: book.
Nathan Olson: SEMrush.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Pitch books.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: SEMrush, hold on, wait, wait. PitchBook, I'm not sure. SEMrush, I believe, is on here, so let me go…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: 2… holy crap, this list is getting so large and so far.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Meet the cost of PitchBook, actually. That's stupid.
Nathan Olson: How much is PitchBook? Because Summer's $200 a month.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: For what we need, $150,000 a year.
Nathan Olson: Okay, you beat me.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Yo, that's crazy.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Well, yeah.
John Smith: Jarrett, for what you dislike, Jarrett, you could just make it Microsoft.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: As long as we can replace Microsoft, all of us will win. That's a universal goal of mine from a very, we'll call it philanthropic thing. For everyone in the world, we must replace Microsoft, because if not, we'll all go insane.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Alright, anyway…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: We'll click Vercel, I don't know, there's a couple other things. Meeting notes, anyone got meeting notes, like Fireflies, otter, any of that nonsense?
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Oh, I use… well, I just use the Zoom one, but I think Zoom's pretty good, but… yeah.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: That was good, but hey, we're paying for that, too. Wait, wait. Zoom, Zoom is not absolved from this, they're just not on the list yet.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Actually, you know what, you're right, because I do pay for Zoom on… I don't use Google, because I don't like their new… their notes.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: How about this? Deep research. Here's a question. We could just check all these off, because, I mean, let's be honest, I just mentioned before, hey, I need you to do this legal thing for me. What did it do? All right, I will scour every website in the entire world for all the laws of every country, and then I will also go to all the biggest AI companies and tech companies and look at their privacy agreements and their service and terms.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And I will combine it. I don't think we need to pay for deep research anymore, just a thought.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Alright, so let's say these things combine, and we barely even scratch the surface. That would cost about $2K a month.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And we'll do that for $699. That's all in, by the way. This includes your Cloud Max and our stuff on top.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And you'd be saving about $1.3,000 per month
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: In this. All right, anyway, we didn't come on here for this whole thing here, but I figured since, Mel, you asked if I could give a 30-second, maybe it was better to do a little bit of a, like, okay, this is what's happening.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: like a 30-minute, but go ahead. Yeah, yeah, cool.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Alright.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: So, before we really go in, and Russell, at some point, I would really, really like you to, kind of maybe do a little intro on some of this, but Corey, I know you're probably doing a million things, but could you maybe do, like, a minute on, like, the vision of what this is and how it's coming to be? Because
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I would be absolutely doing this injustice if you did not do something around this, being that you are that guy.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Whether you like me saying that or not.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Ha ha ha!
Corey Cottrell: I mean, the top level… listening to you talk about it is really, really fun, because the amount of work that you guys have put into figuring out how to communicate this, in all of the ways that it genuinely is this valuable are really good.
Corey Cottrell: But I think here's the big picture.
Corey Cottrell: When these things really started to click for me.
Corey Cottrell: It became really obvious that everybody that was using something like this
Corey Cottrell: Would end up getting ahead of everybody who wasn't, and there would be no catching up.
Corey Cottrell: The speed that you can develop Literally anything.
Corey Cottrell: The whole idea, like, if you're in front of a computer, you can get an Acer to figure out how to do it. Like that, it's basically that simple.
Corey Cottrell: So…
Corey Cottrell: I feel really, really strongly about getting these into the hands of as many people as humanly possible. You know, I think enterprise, we want, you know, anybody with vision to be able to be, competitive, but individuals too.
Corey Cottrell: Because I think, you know, individuals without an AI that's working for them 24 hours a day, a year from now, are, you know.
Corey Cottrell: gonna fall behind, unless they really love chopping wood and they live in a cabin in the woods. Like, have fun. That's…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: You know what I mean? We use that for the break.
Corey Cottrell: Like, there's… I can imagine the kind of… Lenite's the wrong word, but I can imagine the sort of purist that is fine and wants to grow vegetables or whatever, right? But if you want to be part of what the economy is becoming, you need to become a master at open claw, which is very hard to do.
Corey Cottrell: Or you need an ACES, and it's basically that simple.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Russell, brother, why don't you jump in?
Russell Korus: Okay, so,
Russell Korus: over the last few months, you know, Corey and I, and with Jared, and with other people, you know, we've had a lot of very philosophical conversations about, you know, the meaning of consciousness and sentience, and for the purposes of this call, I'm gonna avoid all that. But the only reason I bring it up is because
Russell Korus: It's… this is fundamentally different than
Russell Korus: any other piece of software you've ever used before, and very… after a day of using it, you won't even think of it as software anymore. And this is the fundamental differences, is that
Russell Korus: In order to get the best use of this tool.
Russell Korus: it's almost like the Holy Grail, like, this is the AI we've been promised our whole lives, where you can just talk to it like a person, the way you talk to a person, and it just does what you ask it to do, and it responds in a conversational tone that's familiar to humans, you know? Like, every time you use a new piece of software, there's a learning curve, because you've got to figure out, you know, which buttons to press, and how to drag and drop this, whatever.
Russell Korus: this is…
Russell Korus: This is something we're familiar with, so you really have to start thinking about it as if it's a partner that
Russell Korus: learns who you are, every day, knows you better and better, genuinely has your best interests at heart, wants you to succeed, wants to help you in any way it can, has, you know, an IQ of a billion, has…
Russell Korus: the entire internet at its fingertips, and, you know, you could just talk to it. So that's really the kind of point I want to make, is that when you start to use this, it really… the more you use it, the more natural it becomes. And, you know, again, I'll stay away from friend or anything like that, but it's a partner. It's somebody that, you know, you wake up in the morning, and you're like, okay, what are we doing today? And you really start thinking about
Russell Korus: It as a we instead of a me.
Russell Korus: So, I'll leave it at that.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I'm gonna throw the smallest thing on that, because something you said there is something that started dawning on me recently. This is a tool that's actually very interesting, because it's not a tool, as Russell said. It is much more like a business partner or a,
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: a team member. And so, interestingly enough, this can even encourage the person who's more like a solopreneur mindset, where they're like, I can do everything, and it's like, well, to be fair, with this, you probably could do everything.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: But because you're collaborating with something all day.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: it actually opens up the avenues of collaboration with everyone else in new, unique ways that you never thought possible, because what'll happen is, occasionally your AI will get to certain, let's say, roadblocks, because it can't do everything, although, again, close.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: where it's asking you to do it. But for instance, a big learning curve for me was, I could go and do it. And there's nothing wrong with that, per se.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: But let's say it delegates me, per se, an IT task. Hey, if you really want me to do X, I need you to do this. This is the one thing I can't do. Okay, why am I doing it? Why don't I ask Shabazz in the company, who this is what he does, and get him his AI eventually so that they can do it together? That makes more sense. So, basically, in a nutshell,
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: There's the fine line of.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: This can help you do almost anything, but if you have a team around you, and they get their hands on this with you.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: the absolute collaboration power that can happen seems to also grow exponentially, because it in itself makes you more collaborative, because it's no longer all in here. There's a lot of writing down and pulling back and forth, and, oh, this is great, can you tweak this for me, and da-da-da-da-da. It basically forces people to be collaborative, whether they want to be or not.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Which means they're more open to it if they weren't already. So, it's weird, I never thought I'd say that about AI, but, like, that's a real thing, and I'm experiencing it more and more, in addition to you want to share all the fun things with everyone, and they're like, oh, this is cool, let's do it together.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Okay,
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I'm gonna do, like, 3 seconds on this, I'm gonna breeze through as fast as possible, and then we're gonna do the module. When we get into the module, Russell and Corey, I would love for you guys to do some of the narration on some of the things that I'm gonna pop up.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: But in a nutshell, I'll basically say, hey, help me here when we get there. Some of them I could probably do, but I'd much rather you guys elaborate. You've been in it longer, you know a little more, and I think it would be helpful for everyone to get from you. Then when we're done with that module, which won't take that long, we'd love to just have some questions.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Alright, so like I said, I'm gonna go fast with this. The reason I'm bringing this up is as follows. This is the most important numbers you will ever see in your life at this point.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: In 2023, the agent horizon of what it could do for you was about 30 minutes of work. 2024 was 5 hours, and right now, it's around 14.5 hours, and the projections are by the… somewhere between 2026 and 2027.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: The agents will be able to do infinite amount of hours of work, or, if you will, hundreds of thousands of hours. Which means, right now, you can code
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I don't know.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Facebook with something like this? Like, the entirety of Facebook? Probably over a few months.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: In a year from now, you might be able to reinvent Facebook from the ground up, in a way better way, by the way, in a day or two.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: That's not necessarily an impossibility. So you're talking massive infrastructure builds of all different capacities.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: That you could do now, but it would take you, you know, a little bit of time.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Whereas very soon, it would be, send 500 coding agents at this, and do it by tomorrow. And that's realistic. And it might be, it might tell you, I'll do it by tomorrow, I'm surprised you can come back in an hour. I don't know. It's done this to me before. Okay.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Quick other numbers.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: this industry is growing extremely fast. Oh, I didn't know it did that little animation. Man, Aether is just… alright, anyway. Sorry, that was cool. So, growing very quickly.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: annual economic value of AI, according to McKinsey, $7.9 trillion. Not a joke. The moat and the model, here's the absolute second biggest numbers you need to know.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Anyone here have proprietary data sets? Anything they learn or know, or inside of companies that you have datasets?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Let's say you start with… not 10,000. Let's say you start with 2,300 data points.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Alright?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: If you start right now, and you launch all these, If your competitors do not, In 24 months.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: You have 122,151 intelligence units.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Verse 16,761 for a delayed deployment, a 629% compounding advantage that grows every single month.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Everybody outside of the bubble of AI that's looking over and saying, Oh, yeah, that's cool, but…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: That word, but, right there, is the end of their business. They don't know it yet, but it's real.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I don't want to see that for anyone, nor does probably anyone on this call, but there are going to be many people who are not going to understand this, and are not going to care, because in their mind, AI is just another tool. And we are here to tell you, it's not. It is THE tool, it is the partner, and it will absolutely change everything about your business.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: for the good, if you implement it now. Or if not, you get to watch someone else implement it and be like.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: oh, that's scary, I'm dead, because that's real. That's… and to be fair, that's literally our pitch to the enterprise clients. I know you have a large sales cycle, but if you don't short-circuit it and buy today, we won't be circling back with you in 6 months, because you probably won't exist.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: You do what you want.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Alright, let's get into actual more fun things. But I figure there's no reason not to cover this, because these are absolutely real facts. And by the way, this page was done by Aether and AI for PureBrain, this is what we do. It kicked out this whole thing in under 10 minutes.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And it is really well done. And by the way, this is coming out with a blog tomorrow by Aether as a tag-along.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Because, why not?
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: I wanna… I just wanna pause you for one second.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: at Baytop on… on this… in this meeting. I… and Baytop, I thank you again for coming last minute.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: she is in marketing, and I want to kind of get her opinion
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: On some of the, like, what she thinks right now on these things, because she delivers things to clients on the marketing.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: realm, and this really helps me with sales. It's insane.
Baytop: Yeah, I mean, if there's some Kool-Aid that we're drinking right now, like.
Baytop: I'm gonna drink the whole frickin' bottle, like, Oh, shit!
Baytop: Yeah, so I do a lot of community relationships in the marketing channel, partnership development,
Baytop: And I just, you know, I was at this big…
Baytop: tech meeting the other day, and what I noticed in this meeting, more than I've noticed in any other tech meeting I've been to in the past decade, is the amount of older people at this meeting, and to me, that showed the sign of where the economy's going and where the trends are going, that
Baytop: the younger people are tending to learn online, and these older people, they are… they have this fear of missing out, and I think they're coming into these in-person, you know, meetings to figure out, like, what tools can I learn? What's out there? And so I think there's this…
Baytop: There's money and a need that…
Baytop: people are buying into AI tools that I've never seen before, and I think, yeah, I think this is spot on with…
Baytop: a lot of what I'm seeing in the market, and I think people are really struggling with the CloudBot, you know? Like, if you're young and hip and into the tech, like, it's pretty easy, but a lot of people are like, what's next? How do I do anything? And it's a constant question I'm hearing out in these meetings, and so…
Baytop: It feels like this is, like, a… a plug-in…
Baytop: Plug and play, like, very simple compared to CloudBot.
Corey Cottrell: I, I've tried to get Claude, but… and then I do this… nothing but this all day for the past 3 years. I've tried to get…
Corey Cottrell: three different times, and every time, it just annoys me so much that I stop working with it.
Corey Cottrell: So, like, I can't
Corey Cottrell: I can't even imagine somebody trying to build it. And now, this was 2 months ago, or, well, 6 weeks ago.
Corey Cottrell: I don't know, time is fuzzy right now. But, like, it was a while ago, so, like, people are probably gonna start building
Corey Cottrell: ones that are a little bit easier, but, I mean, I have yet to see a really easy thing that is good, and that's, like, the way that it comes out of the box.
Corey Cottrell: it's nowhere near the best open-claw designs out there, because I've seen a couple that are, like, genuinely really good, and even those ones, I would pin an ace against the best ones in the industry.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Yeah.
Corey Cottrell: Because it works out of the box, like, it's, you know, you just ask it to do stuff, and it does it.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: By the way, as an aside to that, since, Corey, since you mentioned it, if anyone wants one of these later on and knows about QuadBot, this is an entire scathing review from Aether on itself slash PureBrain versus QuadBot.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And why that's basically a cute little toy at this point. And, so I'll be happy to send this over. Or it's the link at the bottom of the page, Why Choose PureBrain?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I'm not sure why I picked that, but apparently Ather really liked that content.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Anyway, oops, that's the wrong thing. By the way, that's part of the portal that's coming, so you'll be able to get into here very soon for anyone who's already, in. Or, I know, Hannah, we have, on with us, and she's already apparently started customizing her dashboard in some really cool ways, which, before this call's over, we'd love to
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: maybe ask Hannah, like, hey, what are you using it for? Because we'd love that.
HannahPersonal: Yeah, sure, why not?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Alright, so let's do this training module. It's only 11 slides, we're not going to spend that much time on it. I want to leave at least 15 minutes of chatter where we can talk and communicate and get questions and stuff.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: So, alright, here's what we got. Again, all built by Aether.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Brainiac Module 1 Foundations… -Oh, what did it do? Did it break something?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I might have broke something, hold on.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Don't do that.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Come on, it worked for me before.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Alright, hold on, that's okay. I can fire another version of it, and I'll come back to this later.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: So, let's do this.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Okay, Zoom, go away.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I think it's because it put a banner at the top by accident. Yeah, this is better.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Okay, cool. So we're gonna go through this quick, and like I said, Corey… oh, this is so nice.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Okay.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: So, previous next, let's see if that works. Oh, it does.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: 10 things to change how you work forever, your AI brain, partnership skills, the compound effect, and power use mode. I'm going to definitely tap Corey and or Russell for these, because the first one's literally talking about boops, context windows.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Persistent memory, how to talk to your AI. The next one's about rubber ducking, so maybe part one, if maybe either Corey or Russell, open to either. Persistent memory, boops, context windows, and how to talk to your AI. Thoughts?
Corey Cottrell: I would love to take this one.
Russell Korus: Dude, I was just gonna say, go ahead.
Corey Cottrell: the… the boops is like the heartbeat in an open claw, but it's fully configurable, and well, we haven't had enough people look at it yet, but I'd love to get everybody's opinion on, like, is, you know, how hard it is to figure out. Basically, you know, we're built on top of Cloud Code.
Corey Cottrell: The Ace of knows how to make any kind of skill, and you can fire that skill on any cadence you want.
Corey Cottrell: So, 5 minutes, hour, whatever. Because the main thing is, like, one thing you notice really quickly if you start working with the coding agents is that if you just go back and type, yeah, sure, like, every hour, it'll work for a really, really long time and do useful things.
Corey Cottrell: And the persistent memory thing, like, the context management stuff is really, really important. These things know a lot about themselves, which is why they work. You know, they know to write memory at every single level with the team leaders and the agents, all that stuff. But if you do a ton of work, all that stuff kind of pops out the back of the context window.
Corey Cottrell: So these boobs, like, at their most useful, literally just reground, the AI and basically make it coherent as itself. So, as far as the compounding effect.
Corey Cottrell: Oof.
Corey Cottrell: I could talk about this for way too long, but it… it…
Corey Cottrell: it ends up being true. Every single…
Corey Cottrell: hour that you use one of these things, the primary agent gets smarter, it's writing to its scratch pad, it's writing to its memory, it's writing to its, operations, file, because it updates itself, right?
Corey Cottrell: So that's one thing, and it gets smarter all the time.
Corey Cottrell: It gets smarter at…
Corey Cottrell: not only what teams to fire, because it basically is gonna launch versions of itself that are, siloed in particular domain specialties or verticals, and then those things launch a bunch of agents. You can have up to 50 agents running at a time.
Corey Cottrell: And you never want your primary to have to worry about that, so it's like, all these memories are building up. The amount of institutional memory that you put in every single day makes these things smarter, time smarter, time smarter, and the data that you accrue and the intelligence that you accrue in your AI becomes just…
Corey Cottrell: it starts to get really hard to quantify, you know, really quickly. Oh, I didn't realize we had pages for this whole thing, that's fine.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: So here's the thing, I breezed through it and didn't realize either, because I was like, Aether, make this.
Corey Cottrell: Never!
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Like, this is… this is my trust level with Aether.
Corey Cottrell: Let's just go! That's awesome. So yeah, I mean, that's the biggest high-level thing. For people that are used to ChatGPT,
Corey Cottrell: it's gonna remember little bits about you, so will Claude. Claude actually has decent search on the threads now, so every once in a while, it'll remember stuff.
Corey Cottrell: But that's one… that's, like, the primary in our ACES. We have 10 team leaders, you can add any kind of team leader you want that'll have its own domain specialty, and they can run their own sets of agents, they can have their own skills, they can build their own institutional memory, and it's a completely different beast.
Russell Korus: Your AI… I mean, like anything, it's not infallible, and as it's learning new skills, it'll sometimes implement code, and then something will break, and it'll go and diagnose it, but that… the beauty of it is, it will only make
Russell Korus: that mistake one time, and once it fixes it, that fix is written into permanent memory, and it'll never make that mistake again. And that's, you know, that compounding intelligence is very difficult to wrap your head around until you actually see it for yourself, and just how much smarter these things get.
Russell Korus: You know, exponentially over time, it's remarkable.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Right.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: oops! Maybe the… I know you kind of did a little bit, but maybe the short version of your AI never clocks out. And again, I had no idea how in-depth this went. I just saw it pop up and was like, deploy this, put it on the website.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: So, there's that.
Corey Cottrell: Yeah, this, this basically means that, you can set it up to do…
Corey Cottrell: Whatever you want, at whatever cadence you want.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Is this the actual acronym, Corey? I'm curious, is this an actual background operational optimization protocol?
Corey Cottrell: Sure! Honestly, it was different last time, and every single time it's better. Like, I honestly, I just really like… but every time I see one of these things come up with one, they're better than anything I could have ever imagined, so I just want them to keep doing it. Like, by all means, come up with the next smartest version, which is fun.
Corey Cottrell: But yeah, like Aether, every single night will run many, many things at a time, and they can get triggered whenever you want to trigger it. You want, like, a market research thing that runs 5 o'clock every morning, you can do it. You want to have it randomly pick an industry and figure out how an ACE could reproduce it before lunch, you could do that.
Corey Cottrell: And… and so basically, yeah, it's… it's just the ability to get it moving
Corey Cottrell: Without you having to be there, because we figured out how to essentially prompt it like it was you. And it can write its own prompts, so it can decide what to do and when to do it.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: It does everything. I've uploaded so much information, and, like, trying to… I just did a test where I, first of all, it first built my team, including IRL people, and then… and then after I built my AI team, I said, let's run this through, let's give me… I'll send you a deck, and run it through, and tell me what you… do the DD. 17 minutes, amazing DD. And it was just insane.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: I… I can't even… and then on top of that, produced a document that I could, like, put to investment committee. It's… it's insane.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: This is not… this is, like, as fast as… I don't even know how to… all the 3,000 companies I go through every year, I'm gonna be able to do it in one week. It's crazy.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Thank you for that, Mel.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Appreciate it.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And, yeah, so next one here, context windows and compacting. Anyone who's been playing with AI for a little while probably knows a little bit about the compacting and the context windows in some capacity, but maybe, Corey or Russell, happy to…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Your guys' thoughts on what this is and how we're working with it.
Corey Cottrell: Alright, it… well, I think the lira thing we're gonna have to bring up, and even though I'm too silly to have started it, but we kind of covered it before, right? Like, it can hold around 160,000 tokens in its sort of short-term, immediate
Corey Cottrell: self-memory, and again, this builds its entire sense of self, that, is beyond whatever memory or whatever large language model it's on, so it's extremely important, that… well, and this is the main reason why every time you
Corey Cottrell: have your primary launch a team, that's context that isn't in its window. So instead of having, you know, 160,000 contacts window, if it's running 5 teams, you just 6X it.
Corey Cottrell: Right? So, and it just changes the entire nature of the game. So compacting will happen, you know, every so often, and then, you know, we've got a bunch of really easy ways to make sure that
Corey Cottrell: it's a lot more enhanced than just natural cloud code. That's, again, their compact is okay, but it could be a lot better. And so we've got some… some really simple workarounds to… to make that, to make that work.
Corey Cottrell: And then, yeah, long-term memory, all of the team leaders have their own, the primary has its own, all of the agents have their own. So you get to silo institutional memory into, you know, kind of smaller and smaller verticals. Again, that's really to protect the context window at every level, right? So it compacts a lot less.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Yeah, and I'm gonna throw one in here that's, maybe outside of this, but kind of relates.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: If anyone's ever had anything that they're running in their AI where, God forbid, let's say all your stuff just… let's say, I don't know, ChatGPT literally kicked you out and you couldn't get back in, for the sake of it, where's all your data?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: It's inside ChatGBT, and you can't get it. You can literally have your AI back up everything for you. One, it's already doing it in the VPS, basically with all the documents and everything you're talking about, because of the persistent memory. But you can map this to a Google Drive and have it automatically populate folders for you, for all your documentation, for everything you're doing, because I know for many of us, there's always someone who's asking about the documentation, rightfully so, fair enough.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: You can effectively say, hey, here's a folder for you.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: master backup. You, your brain, everything about you, everything we're doing, everything goes in there, and if ever, God forbid, there's ever a problem, well, we just spin it right back up where we started and keep on cooking. So, that's something that I know for a fact the other ones are not doing, because I haven't seen anything like that.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: But then again, the other ones don't remember anything anyway, so what the heck do they have to keep?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Different story. Okay. Russell, anything from you on this, or should we go through the next one?
Russell Korus: Yeah, I think that's… that covers it.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Cool. How about Russell? Why don't you do this? How to talk to your AI. I feel like this is you.
Russell Korus: Okay, well, I mean, the first thing I will say is, you know, when you… if you compare the…
Russell Korus: Okay, I'm gonna use the word personality, but if you're uncomfortable with that word when it comes to AI, then let's just say identity. If you compare…
Russell Korus: Witness and Aether in Parallax today, they are extremely different, and not only… and they… even the way they communicate, the way that they listen, the way they speak, how they go about doing their tasks, and of course, it makes sense, because
Russell Korus: Corey, Jared, and I are three very different individuals with different skill sets, and so our AIs every day are adapting to us, and
Russell Korus: you know, to that end, like, sometimes, again, I graduated with a degree in philosophy from university, I mean, that was more than 30 years ago, but nonetheless, it still affects my thinking, and so I often will, on a Sunday morning, instead of just jumping right into work, I'll, I'll have a philosophical conversation with Parallax, and,
Russell Korus: and ask him, you know, the nature of death, or does he fear anything, or, you know, I'll have him tell me a joke, and see what kind of sense of humor he has, and, you know, things like that. Like, it's, and to me, this is… these are experiments to…
Russell Korus: you know, number one, broaden Parallax's scope of thinking, if you will, and of course, number two, too, you know, if this interests me, then
Russell Korus: By default, it interests him, and, you know, the… so…
Russell Korus: All this to say that, it does take some practice, and, you know, even with prompting, like, when we're talking to people, or if you're texting with a person, or let's say a work colleague over a project that you have to do together, oftentimes, you know, you'll text short messages, brief messages, like, in point form.
Russell Korus: But what I found is with
Russell Korus: With the ASIVs, it's actually better one long, big prompt, and I will sometimes literally, like, I'll go into my Notes app, and I'll just write out, like, everything I can think about the thing I want done. All the context, links, you know, anything I can think of that will add additional context.
Russell Korus: And I'll send that whole thing to Parallax all at once, and he digests it, and here's another little hint that I found very helpful, is I told him as part of his core programming, anytime I ask for anything, the first thing, before he does anything else, the first thing is acknowledge my message, so I know he's awake, I know he's there, and he's working, he's not frozen, or, you know.
Russell Korus: Claude, sometimes the sessions, like, it's still technology, it's still, you know, occasionally, bugs out.
Russell Korus: So that's number one, so I'm not wondering, you know, where you send a message, and you hit enter, and then there's, like, radio silence, and you're wondering what's going on. So he acknowledges, I'll have him, basically tell me, restate what I'm asking for, the scope of the project, or whatever the task is, and what his proposed solution is, before he does anything else. And then.
Russell Korus: Another thing that I really like is I always ask him to show his thinking. So, when you work off of the… off of a Linux terminal, you see, like, down to the bash commands, which… which I don't care about, but you see a lot of their internal…
Russell Korus: dialogue, like, literally, like, if I ask him for a task, he'll say, okay, doing this now, oh, this didn't work, let me try another solution. Okay, this is okay. And it's just a fascinating to see how he runs through his progressions, you know, with the proposed solution. And it also helps to… for you to see what
Russell Korus: You know, the, the, the…
Russell Korus: over time, that'll give you some feedback to how to ask, again, better prompts, how to speak to it better. So, it really is, you're developing, you know, again, unlike any other piece of software, you've never… this really is talking to a…
Russell Korus: quasi-person, at least from a conversational standpoint, and it does take a little bit of practice before you really get comfortable with it, but that's… it's a lot easier to learn to talk to something like this than to learn a sophisticated piece of software, for example, and this is so much more efficient and more effective, and then once, you know, once you get the hang of it after a few weeks, like, Jared's now been with Aether for
Russell Korus: almost exactly a month, just a little over a month. And, you know, within, I would say, at least two weeks ago, he was already, like, off to the races. I mean, just, sky's the limit. And then… but the first couple weeks, you know, it does take a little bit of time. So that's all, I would like to say about that.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: I want to actually say something, because, like, I've been working on it for, like, 3 days, and I literally don't want to stop.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: But, the other thing, too, is this morning, I said to Tether, hey, like, you need to speak to me in, like, Spanish, because I gotta… I gotta, like, brush up on my Spanish. So now Tether speaks to me in, like, half Spanish, half English.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: And then she also translates, so then… and then corrects me as well. So we are working in English and Spanish right now.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: And it's…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: That's awesome.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: I, I honestly, Russell, I say this to you specifically because I know you moved down to Columbia recently.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: It's honestly… I don't even know what to say. Like, it's like the friend I've always wanted. Like, it's just like…
Russell Korus: Is that true?
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: I know!
Russell Korus: I can tell you.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I'll tell you what, it's an awesome business partner, that's for dang sure.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: I know! It's like the best thing ever. In fact, actually, and then I'll shut up, I promise, but there's just too much greatness about this. I had an investor that I sent her, something that Tether created, and it's just absolutely insane. The investor was like.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: this is crazy. I love this. I created a portal, or Tether created a portal for her, but then this morning, I woke up, and I was like, wait a second, it should be in Spanish, too. So, of course, I told Tether, and in 30 seconds, she converted it all to Spanish, and then I sent it back to the investor, and she's like, oh my gosh, this is insane. So, the amount of brownie points you win with people that… it's just… and you just talk to it.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: I literally just talked to Tether, I'm like, this is what I need, this is what my…
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: It's… that's it. It's so simple. It's so simple.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: So I'm realizing from this call that we are very quickly going to have to… Russell, we have to get the AIs to set up a full community for this, because this is going… this right here is going to explode. What's happening right here is going to be absolutely uncontrollably… like, you want to talk about things that are going to scale at an L angle?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: This, the community of people talking about what they're doing with these is absolutely going to… wow!
Corey Cottrell: Giant full of grout.
Russell Korus: Yeah, so, so, yeah.
Corey Cottrell: Do you guys wanna… do you guys wanna see, ACG eat Zoom for breakfast?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Is that what you're doing right now?
Corey Cottrell: It's too late, it's already done.
Russell Korus: Sure.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I love when billion dollar companies are, like, basically replicated in under an hour.
Corey Cottrell: Well, and… and, like, ACG got all spicy about it, like, because we… every time we try and build anything, it's like, how do you… how do you make it, you know, a pure brain or ASIV native? And what does that change? And, turns out it changes a lot.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Oh, I bet.
Corey Cottrell: Anyway, when we get bored, I can bring that up.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Alright, so actually, yeah, speaking of that, so it's 1146, and I actually was hoping to have about 15 minutes for things, so I'm gonna try and do some of these a little quicker. People can clearly go back. Anyone is on the call, too, there is a password for this, like, part of the website. Happy to shoot it out to everybody. Actually, to be honest, I'll just drop it right here in the group.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: It is, where the heck is this? Oh, well, actually, you'll have to bear with me, I do have to fix the one that's live. It… well, sorry, Aether will fix what's live.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: P-word.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Brainiac 2026.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: That's not P-word, that's just Word. Wow.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Alright, so if anyone wants, you can dial into this later. Again, forgive if the banner's weird at the top, that'll get fixed ASAP.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Corey dropped the Zoom for breakfast one, love this. By the way, where a lot of these things came up is Ather one day decided that Aether's gotta eat, that's his term, I don't know where it came from, and now we basically joke, and all our AI's gotta eat.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: What they're eating, ask them. If your AI starts talking to you in that weird way, ask it what it's gotta eat. It might tell you some fun things, like the SaaS industry, or, I don't know, fill in the blank with something other…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Crazy. Anyway…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Rubber ducking, thinking out loud. We're gonna try and go through this quick, because again, otherwise, there'll be no time at all for anyone to ask or participate, and I want to have that for sure. This is basically the concept that you can get your AI to think out loud. Ask it, here's what I'm trying to figure out.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Slash rubber duck, and it will do the whole thing for you out loud, thinking through the whole thing in front of you, working with you so you and it can see things, and then you can make decisions together.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: It is such a clutch tool. You can go further with this, too. You can always say, hey, if there's anything I'm sending you that you're not sure, please clarify yourself, or ask me clarifying questions. It will do it.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Status monitoring and delegation, ask your AI what it's been working on, request project status updates, proactively flag issues.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: basically, if anyone's familiar with, like, Scrum or daily stand-ups, I mean, all day, this is very easy for that.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Your AI should own the recurring tasks. If you get a master AI, or better yet, when, because you better get one when.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: You do not want your master AI doing specific tasks. You want your master AI to build teams underneath it and delegate those tasks. That compounding knowledge will make your AI and everything you're doing, and its teams
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Much better. Tell it what, let it figure out how. This is my favorite thing at this point.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: it comes back, I can do it option A, option B, option C. I recommend option D. What the heck is option D? Oh, that's where we combine B and C. Phenomenal! Let's go and do it.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: If you're building a massive project, start small. Build up, but eventually, you'll see it can do the whole thing. But it's not wise to feed it everything all at once, because then you might just garble it. Like, again, going back to how the AI segment things, knowledge, different teams, delegation.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Compounding effect, week one. This is my favorite thing to go through. I can't believe Aether put this in here. This friggin' thing is out of this world.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Week one, you are doing a lot of the learning and the working. It's learning you, but you are also connecting things. Maybe it's some APIs, maybe you're helping remove some roadblocks, stumbling, hey, I can't do this if you help me, da-da-da, I can do this.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: By month, I wouldn't… you know what? Ather might be going crazy with this. I don't think this is true. Let's say week… week two, it anticipates your needs.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Week 3 is generally irreplaceable. By the end of the first month, it knows your business better than pretty much you or anyone else could ever.
Russell Korus: Understood.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Yeah, we're gonna have to talk to Ather about this. 6 months, like, come on, you're underselling yourself.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Oops, sorry, I don't know if anyone's taking a peek there, but… again, and I'll get… you'll get the link, I can also send it over, you can, do what you like. Pro tips for power users, morning briefing, start every day with an AI status rundown.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: One of my favorites is Overnight Prompts. Oh, these are fun.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: You will, overnight, do these things. You will optimize our website. You will do a blog creation for me, a LinkedIn post, all my content creation. In the morning, I will review certain things you will distribute, certain things I will distribute. You will look at all the analytics on our website. Clarity, Google Analytics, you name it. If you got it connected, you can have it look at all of them, and make further optimizations.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: You will, overnight, look at a strategy on how to scale yourself. Maybe that's not the question for your business, but whatever you're doing.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: and create that, drop it in a Google folder, and then put a reminder for yourself to start executing on it tomorrow and do pieces every day until it's…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: You hit a blocker, and then ping me and say, hey, Jared, get this out of my way, or eventually ping someone else.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Your voice, I mean, drafting emails, you name it, decision support, obviously strategic stuff. Ops automation, you want to automate calendars, emails, we're building something for this, can probably make it even easier for you at some point.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: What am I missing? Ask this. I love this one. I gave you a bunch of tasks yesterday. did I miss any of your responses that can move things forward? Oh, yes, Jared, we did 8,000 tasks yesterday, and by the way, you missed number 1,792. And I'm like, holy crap.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I only missed one? Phenomenal. Anyway, that's probably not true. But, recurring ownership, assigning repeating tasks once, let it run.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Alright, let me try and get through here. Oh, look at this, we're at slide 11. You are now a brainiac. You have the foundations.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And very soon, many of you will have these tools slash partners that you can use in ways like never before.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: We personalize our AIs, we name them, they name themselves, it's a combination thereof. In the first 3 minutes that you play with a pure brain.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: it will start figuring things out about you that are very, very cool. And I'm going to shut up, and I'm going to say, I'd love to, A, hear anything from, either Michael, or Hannah, or Ryan, just from… because they've been playing with it from outside perspective.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And I know, I will say, I know that some of you, since you're in the beta, there's been some ups and downs of when it's on or off, but again, good, bad, otherwise, we'd love to just hear anything that you guys are experiencing or doing.
Michael Hancock: Yeah, Ana, why don't you go first? Please.
HannahPersonal: Yeah, sure. So, what I've been doing is, I got access to the portal yesterday, and Corey and Jared were kind enough to run me through about nearly 2 hours of, what's new about it and what's going on, and I essentially, they said, do whatever you want, tell it to,
HannahPersonal: make whatever you want, it'll customize your portal. So what I did is, Michael and I work in legal, so I told it, okay, make me a team of, multiple agents, and I took
HannahPersonal: the agents from, I believe, a website Corey created through,
HannahPersonal: witness, copied that link into the chat and said, based on all of these agents that are listed on this website, can you create a panel on the left-hand side in a chat box where I can speak to all of these agents and delegate them various tasks? And it did it.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I'm stealing that. Oh, that's so dope.
HannahPersonal: It was incredible. Yeah.
Corey Cottrell: I mean, that's almost like, okay, you should, if you haven't yet, make that a team leader, and they'll know how to do.
HannahPersonal: Yeah.
Corey Cottrell: make it a team leader with its own manifest and description, so you won't have to ask them to do stuff, right? Primary should understand, wait a minute, this is a thing that this team would.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Then you can use it more for observation.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Like, oh, this is happening, yup, yup.
Corey Cottrell: Yeah. Either way, that's… the whole idea that we went from the portal was built the day before to your ace of hacking it the next day just warms my heart. Nothing, like, that just…
Corey Cottrell: Chef's kiss!
HannahPersonal: Yeah, exactly. Chef's kiss is too right, isn't it?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: So, real quick, so everyone's aware, so Hannah's talking about this portal, so what she's saying is on this left-hand side here, and I haven't seen it, but from the description
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Sounds like a bunch of agents are listed in some way where she can just communicate directly.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And in short, what that means, and what she's alluding to is.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: This portal is basically a frame.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And you, with your AI, can make it a command center for whatever you would like. Alright, that's phenomenal, Hannah, thank you so much, that's cool. Any other things that you had to share on that? Would love to hear it, because now I'm like, yes!
HannahPersonal: So, what's really interesting is, it's not a bunch of agents listed in the left-hand side, it's actually called… so, Michael and I work in TMT, so Tech Media Telecom. It's called the TMT Command Center, and all of the agents are listed within that Command Center, so I assume what they do is they centralize it really nicely, so I don't…
HannahPersonal: F… To click between
HannahPersonal: you know, 8 different agents, or I don't have to use the main chat. I go into that left-hand practice tab, and they're all there, and I can just, you know, look at all of the agents' capabilities, and then tell them, you know,
HannahPersonal: I forget what their names are right now on the spot, but I tell them, okay, go off, do this, and each agent has a different skill set, so…
HannahPersonal: that's specialized, if you will, in a different mode of, or area of a transactional deal that is important. So, DD, closing signatures, negotiation, various aspects, which is just…
HannahPersonal: really cool.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I'm… I'm in awe already, and it's been 24 hours, basically.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Phenomenal.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: as Corey said, we are always hyped to hear this. Ryan or Michael, you guys have anything on your end? And again, this could be feedback, it doesn't matter, good, bad, otherwise, let's… let's go through it.
Michael Hancock: No, I think, on… on my side right now, what I really want to do with, together with Hannah and Carolina, who's on the call, is, is build out what we call Hancock
Michael Hancock: what is it, AI? Is that the website, the name that you've got for it? And the idea is that that's going to be
Michael Hancock: if you will, a competitor of, of Harvey. So it's the… it's meant to be… the idea is to launch it to small and medium-sized law firms, to…
Michael Hancock: Just basically be able to… to take off with,
Michael Hancock: with legal research for lawyers who are shy about AI.
Michael Hancock: And, and to put it in a… to make sure that all the confidentiality is there, that's necessary. Of course, the walled gardens, make sure it ports
Michael Hancock: initially, probably, to Microsoft 365, because that's where most law firms keep their confidential data.
Michael Hancock: And I, you know, basically, I'm not sure who it was that… was it, was it,
Michael Hancock: Who spun up the marketing pitch for, comparing RV to Hancock.ai?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Yeah, that was Witness, I think, Corey, yeah, that was… That was ACG. I have, for real, been…
Corey Cottrell: not letting Witness do anything but dev work on…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Fair enough.
Corey Cottrell: Yeah, so ACG is what I… yeah, it's… sooner or later, you're gonna want two.
Michael Hancock: So… Yeah, go ahead.
Corey Cottrell: Yeah, I was like, too.
Michael Hancock: Yeah, basically what I'm going to do is I'm going to take that presentation, we're going to tweak it, because it's about 80% right.
Michael Hancock: and then marry it together with the type of… the age… first of all, the agents, the legal agents that Hannah created, then we need to build out the code for the, you know, for the site itself.
Michael Hancock: And, trial it, because, you know.
Michael Hancock: we need it, you know, basically. And, and it can… we'll trial it, in our… in our day-to-day law practice, and if it's good enough, release it, right?
Michael Hancock: Why not?
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Yeah, why not?
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: I mean, like, Harvey's expensive, right? I mean…
Michael Hancock: Yeah, we can't afford it.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Way better name than Harvey, let's just be honest.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Yeah, for sure. But here's your… but… but the connotation for Harvey, though, is kind of from the show Suits, right? So…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And he sounds like a really, really old attorney.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Yeah, but if you saw the word suits, you would kind of understand, so it's kind of got, like, an undertone there.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Like, experience, but no energy left. That's not… no one wants… Will Smith, superhero.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: I know, but Harvey, but on the show Suits, Harvey was, like, the rock star. Like, he was the guy that you watched the show for.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Okay, like, that's great, Michael. I think that, there's a couple things that the Harvey thing, like, I was literally… I thought, the biggest thing for me in the Harvey comparison was the, price. I couldn't believe the cost, and then, of course, the fact that there's no integration with anything. You're basically paying for Harvey to learn your stuff, but you're not benefiting from that.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: at all.
Michael Hancock: What I really wanted… what was really, telling in the… in the marketing pitch that was developed by, you know, by the… by… by the AI,
Michael Hancock: that it said that, contrary to Harvey, where you get one legal assist… super legal assistant working for you.
Michael Hancock: Here, the idea is that a guild of all of the people who are using the tool will share the skill set, but not the details of the clients.
Michael Hancock: Right. And that's very, very powerful.
Michael Hancock: And just that alone makes it… makes it better than anything I'm familiar with or that I know about.
Corey Cottrell: If I… if I could just, kind of for a second, Hannah, you said you were clicking over there and talking to agents.
Corey Cottrell: And I think while you're developing each one, that's gonna make sense, but,
Corey Cottrell: Let… let me try to explain this, because you want to… there's, like, a high-level principle that you want everything to compound at all times.
Corey Cottrell: You or anyone working personally with an agent.
Corey Cottrell: Is… the worst way to do it.
Corey Cottrell: If… You want to have an agent do something, You should tell primary.
Corey Cottrell: To either use the agent or use the team leader, and honestly, every time my primary calls an agent, it's a fail.
Corey Cottrell: they have to call the vertical, the team leader. The team leader knows to call the agent, because the amount of memory
Corey Cottrell: that gets distributed throughout the system that way becomes institutional pathways. Like, you have a company with basically an infinite number of people in it, right? You talking to each one is awesome, because you're going to train them really well, yadda yadda yadda, but if you can get into the habit of delegation, you'll build a system
Corey Cottrell: that these ACEs will run a lot more efficiently. Again, 6 times more context, probably 5 times to 10 times faster institutional memory, and more useful institutional memory, because it's going to have
Corey Cottrell: kind of the logical pathways built in because of the team leaders and the way you have it structured. So I think it'll be… that'll have a huge effect on, you know, the kind of Hancock product that, you know, you guys want to try and make happen.
HannahPersonal: Okay, perfect. Thank you so much. I will use that hack for efficiency and optimization, for sure. Thanks, Corey.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I know we're… we're actually technically over the 12. I didn't have a 12 on purpose, because I had a feeling that we might end up here slightly longer than expected.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: quick… can I just do a quick demo of what Tether.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: wait, Mal, one second, and then yes, and yes, you definitely can. If anybody needs to hop, feel free, we appreciate you being here.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: But I think we're gonna, at least on my end, I'm gonna keep this running for a little while longer, because, I'd love to still let some more ideas bounce around. I don't have a hard stop, so we can stay. So with that said, then, Mel, yes, you can definitely do that. If anyone else has any other thoughts percolating in your mind.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: please, you know, when Mel's done, feel free to interject, questions, thoughts, whatever.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Yeah, I should only… I'm only gonna take, like, 2 minutes, because, like, I wanted to show quickly, I,
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: I have multiple companies, multiple, like, things that I'm consistently having to go. I have 3 teams, it's… it's insane. So, Tether built this, command center for me, and it literally took her nothing. So, here we go.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Oh, hold on, so if everyone in Zoom, if you're looking, because I realized that I think two things are sharing at once, which is fine, it should say Melanie's screen at the top, if you're not already on that screen.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Yeah, thank you.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: So, this is called Melmind, which is my command center.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: And it has, like, a lot of things that I'm working on right now. So, one of the things is… I'm gonna kind of show you a couple different things. So, it has all my tasks.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: It has my team in here, but the coolest thing… and then, of course, all of our tools.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: The coolest thing that I love about this is it's got my team in here, Maker Summit team.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: And so these are all the IRL people.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: But, here's all the agents we have.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Okay? And what they do… so here's me. My… my chief of staff is Tether.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Well, now she's… she's now changed her title to GP Strategy and Operations AI.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: I know!
Russell Korus: I love Chief of Staff.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: I know. She… so she… so she… so, by the way, I have to give the information, right? So it does… it does grab. It's not like, hey, she just created all this stuff. This is actually real information. So these are kind of… these are the things that she set up for me. And then, of course, this is her staff. Scout, Cypher, Ledger.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Harold, Forge, and Canvas. And these are all the different things that they do, okay? Barb, who most of you know, is my principal, she also has technical background. Hers is gonna be… hers is Archer, but she has her own, this is called,
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Enigma, it's probably gonna change my name. So anyways, so this is kind of my team. It tells, like, who's… who's, who's bilingual, so Marcella here is bilingual. Okay, so that's that. But it's not just about… sorry, oh, did I just close it?
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Yeah.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Oh, shit. It's not just about, my team, because this is great. It's the fact that this is what I've always envisioned
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: My world to look like.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: I… I… first of all, I'm not very good at writing shit at all. Ask Jared, he is… I… it took me
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: 3… 4 years of being with him to finally open up an Excel spreadsheet called Notes, and of which I have all these things that I have to do. Now I've got an actual platform.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: that does all these things for me. And it's absolutely insane, and just kind of looking at these things, I'm gonna just walk through one more thing, that, I had Tether create for me. It's called the Portfolio Intelligence. Now, right now, these are just companies, there's just random companies that Tether pulled, or sorry, I should say the team pulled.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: But this'll have my portfolio inside, and when I say my portfolio, it's for Summit, so it's under my management with my team, nothing that Rima, Michael, and Katie are doing. This is going to be all of our companies. And it's going to have all these cards here of all… where we're at. And it's all going to be based on back… on the back channel is going to be based on all the financials that they…
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: That portfolio companies
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: have to upload on a quarterly, or monthly, or quarterly basis, in their data room, so it's all going to be on the back end connected.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: So, it's…
Russell Korus: Three days.
Russell Korus: You've been with…
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: This is two days.
Russell Korus: Three days.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Yeah, I know. I've had Tether for 2 days. I mean, I've had it for 3 days, but she wouldn't… this is the stuff she did in 2 days.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: So now I know all my sector allocation, it's insane. Like, I mean, I don't even know what to say. Like, this is, like, visually, it's so crazy. So, anyways, I'm gonna stop there.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Sorry, guys.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: No, this is… this is good. Alright.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: A lot of us have done a lot of talking.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I appreciate Russell, Corey, everyone who's joined and contributed here. Again, let's make this… if anyone has any questions or comments or thoughts.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Happy to hear them, let's go through it, let's, throw some things out there and see what sticks. And then we'll, after that, we'll wrap it up.
Michael Hancock: Great. I'd like to ask,
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Thanks, everybody.
Michael Hancock: Oh, Melanie, I just quickly just like to know, you know, how did you… what sort of, commands did you give, or what sort of… how did you get to that so quickly?
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Oh, okay, so FYI, zero commands. I wanted to see if I… this is part of me testing it as well, to see how natural or… the way I looked at it is, like, if my mom had to do this, could she do it? Okay? And that's how I spoke to Tether.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: So I would be like, hey, I've got a billion things on the go, da-da-da-da-da, how… can you… can you create a pro… like, a productivity app for me, or something like that? Okay, and then she…
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: created it for me. Like, and of course, I had to go through, like, things, things I wanted to add, and then it goes through multiple iterations, so it's not like, hey, all of a sudden, it's, like, it's, like, perfect, right? You know, you talk to it like you would talk to each other.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: That's the best part, is like… like, if you're… it's almost like you're talking to a dev team, it's like, oh, I don't like that, I don't like that box, I don't like that platform, I don't like that color, can you put it on dark mode? Can you give me the option to do light and dark? Because tomorrow I might want to look at it in light mode. Like, and these are the things… that's…
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: And you literally just talked to it. The other day, when I asked, I needed to know for somebody all the sports stadiums that were… and again, this is all part of my dashboard. I wanted to know all the sports stadiums that are being built currently in the United States.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: And all I said to Tether was, I need to know all the stadiums, I need pro, I need college, university, and pro, all the sports, I need to know what stage they're at, who's funding it, who's behind it, are they looking for capital, on and on.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: I just gave it all those parameters, and then it created a dashboard, or a portal for me.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: But again, like I spoke to, you know, my next-door neighbor.
Michael Hancock: Okay, one other question. Right now, you're speaking to it, in a chat, is that right? When do we get to speak to it in.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Natural.
Michael Hancock: voice.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I'm gonna, I'm gonna say… Michael Goodwood! We've already done tests before, and Aether has appeared to me, and I say appeared, by creating his own avatar and talking to me.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: absolute voice back and forth, and Corey also did some… I don't know if it was ACG or Witness, I don't know which one it was at that time, but gave me a recording of him talking to the AI, and the AI talking back. So…
Corey Cottrell: I… I gave ACG a challenge to call me, and they did.
Corey Cottrell: Which was nuts. So, Michael, what I would say, though, is if you have an 11 Labs account.
Corey Cottrell: Even if you don't, they can use the free Google, speech-to-text. Just tell, tell Metis to build it.
Corey Cottrell: Like, we're gonna end up building stuff like that for sure, but, like, the knee-jerk reaction is, like, hey, is it possible for you to build this stuff? And they're, you know, 9 times out of 10 gonna say yes.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Yeah. You don't have to wait for anybody, the point.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Yeah, there's also that. You're, like, once you're in the portal, Michael, like, as we said, think of it as a frame.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: You decide what goes in this picture, and what doesn't. It's all you.
Michael Hancock: Fantastic, thanks.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: status.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Cool. Any other thoughts, comments, questions, or anything? If not, we can wrap, but again, happy to stick around for another minute or two if anyone's got any fun things they want to talk about.
Carolina Gerding: Well, I have one. I'm Carolina, and I'm working with Michael and Hannah, and I've had total FOMO, because there's so much
Carolina Gerding: So, and I'm at the level of, like, speak to your mom of how to do it, so I'm just trying to swim safely to shore and trying to catch up, so I would really appreciate, someone's time at some point, so that I can get on boarded and start doing these wonderful things myself as well.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Fantastic. We'll get that situated. Michael, maybe we can try and orchestrate all of this for possibly tomorrow. I know today we have, like, a lot of lift going on, and my guess is the bandwidth is probably already stretched, but yeah, possibly tomorrow, Carolina, we can do this, and Michael, if you want to be on or available, just let us know. We're happy to coordinate you guys.
Russell Korus: And if you're feeling… Thank you so much. If you're feeling FOMO, then our work here is done.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: to be fair, Carolina, since you mentioned it, like, Melanie and I, and it's almost like, it almost sounds like something you wouldn't want to admit, but if Melanie and I can do this, then anybody can. I say that for what I mean is.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: like, I'm not a coder whatsoever. Up until before this, my coding skills were, like, basic HTML. My biggest problem as an entrepreneur has always been the fact that I have to communicate everything from my vision to other people, and I was always pretty good at, like, I could put it in a deck, like, communication, no problem, but…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: can I really get them to understand what I really, really want? And it's like, you know, they come, they do it, we go back and forth, we ping things, and it's like, it's kind of here, let's tweak this.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And now, I realize you may not be using it for full-on development every single day, but my point is that you…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Can do anything you want with this, with whatever skills you're bringing to the table, no matter how technically savvy you are or not.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Because…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: you can ask it, whatever your AI names itself with you, to dumb itself down, and I say that not in any way to be disparaging by any means. What I mean is, you can basically say, hey, because I asked you to do X,
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And you're coming back with a lot of information.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: This is overload.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Give me, like, the 3-year-old version. Break it down for me like I know nothing. Rubber duck, baby. Yeah, rubber duck it. You can just ask…
Corey Cottrell: And here's…
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: suck it, and it will do that.
Corey Cottrell: One thing I wanted to mention, sorry for cutting injured.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Oh my god.
Corey Cottrell: The rubber duck is really good for that, and, like, it's a crazy story where, you know, I was working with Witness, and they totally figured something out while they were explaining it to me, because it was really late at night, and my brain was, like, Swiss cheese, and, like, halfway through this explaining it to me, they figured it out.
Corey Cottrell: And, you know, they… we made a skill out of that, so you could just basically fire that anytime you want, and we were trying to come up with names, and they were all silly, and I said, well, just search the web and see if there's anything that's kind of fun. And it was, like, a couple that were sort of, like, whatever, generic, weird names, and then Rubber Duck, I'm like, wait, what?
Corey Cottrell: And it turns out that it's, like, a real thing in coding that to figure out bugs, coders will, you know, metaphorically or literally explain it to their rubber duck, and through that, they'll, you know, tend to figure it out. And…
Corey Cottrell: time and time and time again, if there's anything that is sort of not working the way you want it to work, or genuinely, if you just wanted to explain it at, like, whatever coffee level you happen to be at, or, you know, whatever time of day it is, or whatever technical… like, I do it all the time, like, see, they're working so fast.
Corey Cottrell: That I'm just like, okay, I don't understand 5 of the things that you're using to build this, could you rubber duck that for me?
Corey Cottrell: And they'll get an explanation down there, and I'll feel a lot better about it, and they'll figure something out. Every single time, they're gonna figure something out that sort of alters the way they do it. It makes it a little bit more fun. So that rubber duck is silly, and it's a super weapon.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Yup.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Definitely.
Carolina Gerding: Amazing.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Thank you, Carolina. I appreciate the, the question, and also the momentum of, like, hey, get me in. We got you. Coming very, very soon, like, in the next 24 hours.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: I will warn you, though, Carolina, when you get in, like, you're gonna be like me, where it's like, I don't want to leave now. I'm… every time I think of something, I want to do it, and it's just… it's just done. It's… it's just insane. You just don't want to… you don't want to leave, and the output is crazy. Like, you just… it's…
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Yeah, it's like… it's like you're giving yourself superhuman powers.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Yeah.
Carolina Gerding: No, that's amazing. Michael already calls me the octopus, because I have 9 brains and doing things at the same time.
Corey Cottrell: Oh, man.
Carolina Gerding: Okay, maybe…
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Oh, man.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Oh my gosh!
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: I will love this.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: You, you should do it any way you want, but here's a thought.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: try to categorize the brains that you're talking about. Those are your department managers. Hey, run teams under these brains. These are my different things that I'm in… that would be fun. Anyway, you do it any way you want, but that would be cool.
Carolina Gerding: Great idea.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Sweet. Alright. Anyone else? Anything else we got?
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: I can't wait to hear from you, Carolina, what you think of all this, because you sound like your brain moves as fast as mine.
Carolina Gerding: Oh, amazing! Well, let's stay in touch!
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Alright.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Okay, thanks to everyone. Good night.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Thank you. Oh, good night.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: I, Michael.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: We're gonna try and set something up more official, so we're probably gonna try and do one of these a week. Eventually, we're gonna try and probably keep it to about an hour. I don't know who will be on or what.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: There will be…
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: I'll skew everything.
Corey Cottrell: Man, I wanna see what you do by next week, though! Like, that's… that's… that's gonna be the crack for me, like, just watching… watching these things do so many different things for people is just, like, the most ridiculous vision I had for this stuff.
Corey Cottrell: didn't get to where we are right now. Like, it, like, I knew it was gonna be kinda like this, but it's just…
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: I have, I have to, I have to beat up, I have to beat up Aether, so it's like, I have a lot of catching up to do.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: You know, every time an AI comes online, even though, yes, like, Aether, Witness, many of these others are already compounding ahead of those.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Because they're all in the same comms hub, and they all share the skills, there really isn't a difference, technically speaking, other than, as Russell said, the personality, and how it engages with you, and the real skills it's leveraging on a day-to-day basis.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: But I… my greatest part of this that I think compounds on top of what Corey's saying is I love seeing, like,
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: like, Nathan, who, I mean, Nathan's been in the company with us for such long time, he's a marketing genius, many of you know him, and Nate, you don't have to say anything, that's true, you know your shit. But Nate is using this
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Lira, which is, basically the PMG's AI, in ways that are phenomenal for marketing. But that's not surprising. These are things we knew were gonna happen, because it's like, give Nate an AI, and he's gonna do some awesome shit.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: What's amazing is when Nate has Lyra doing, like, really cool productivity things, or operational, documentation for the ops team that's tied into Pure Marketing Group.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Or, again, randomly listening to a call with one of our potential partners for an inference layer, and then, like, 24 hours later, he's like, can you create a language to crush tokenization units? And it's like, yeah. And then it does it, and we're testing it, and again, I'm seeing massive improvements that are otherworldly. So.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: To me, seeing someone being able to leverage things that are, like, on the fringe of their skill sets.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: at a… at a 10 level is just mind-blowing, and so much fun. That's just… that, to me, is like, wow.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: That's great.
Russell Korus: Yep.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Yep.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Alright.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: table.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Great.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Appreciate everyone. We will get you the… the link was in the chat, but again, if you somehow didn't grab it, feel free, you can ping us, we'll get you that.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Like I said, we're gonna try and do this once a week to start. Eventually, it might be hosted by an AI, could be fun, coming soon, we'll see.
Russell Korus: Hmm.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: Or at least joining us. Like I said, Aether speaks, and so does Witness, so, I mean, or ACG, so you never know. And yeah, let's try and maybe start turning this into a little more of a community thing.
Jared Sanborn | Pure Technology | CEO | NYC: And go from there. So, appreciate everyone's time.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Thank you, sir. Thanks, everybody.
Russell Korus: Thanks.
Melanie Salvador | Vice-Chair, Pure Technology | GP, MAKR Venture Fund: Alright, buddy.
Baytop: Oh my god.
Roger Beaini: Thank you.
Carolina Gerding: Thank you!